Christmas won't be Christmas without any
presents grumbled Jo lying on the rug
we've got father and mother and each
other said bath contentedly from her
corner I'd have a stable full of Arabian
steeds
brooms pile with books and I write out
of a mountain incident so that my work
should be is famous as for his music I
want to do something splendid before I
go into my castle something heroic or
wonderful the wimpy forgotten I'll throw
him dead I don't know what but I'm on
the watch Fred and mean to astonish you
all someday I think I shall write books
and get rich and famous that would suit
me so that is my favorite dream
[Music]
you are the gold rose strong while fond
of the storm in the wind flying far out
to sea and happy all alone 15-year old
Joe was very tall thin and brown
he had a decided mouth the comical nose
and sharp gray eyes which appeared to
see everything and will by turns fierce
funny and full round shoulders had Joe
big hands and feet a flyaway lip to her
blade and the uncomfortable appearance
of a girl he was rapidly shooting over
to a woman and didn't
[Music]
I don't like to do is by the fire I like
adventures and I'm going to find
something
I've got the key to my castle India but
whether I can unlock the door remains to
be seen there are many baths in the
world shy and quiet setting in corner
still need it and living for others so
cheerfully that no one sees the
sacrifices tough the little cricket in
the heart stops chopping and the sweet
sunshiny presents vanishes leaving
silence and shadow behind her father
called her little tranquility and the
name suited her excellently but she
seemed to live in a happy world of her
own only venturing out to meet a few
whom she trusted and loved
uneventful unambitious yet full of the
genuine virtues of smell sweet and
blossom in the dust the
self-forgetfulness that makes the
humblest on earth remembrance unis
determine the true success which is
possible to
because they'll mean as no reason why I
should be I hate such things and though
I think I've a right to be heart I don't
intend to show it Amy
though the youngest was a most important
person in her own opinion at least a
regular Snow Maiden with blue eyes and
yellow hair piling on her shoulders pale
and slender and always carrying herself
like a young lady mindful of her manners
[Music]
margarit the eldest of before was 60 in
a very pretty
being plump and fair with large eyes
plenty of soft brown hair a sweet mouth
and white hands of which she was rather
thin
[Music]
I'm not Meg tonight I'm a doll who does
all sorts of crazy things tomorrow I
shall put away my fuss and feathers and
be desperately good again
[Music]
[Applause]
Joe we need to need you she quietly
excuse herself that wasn't that was the
characteristic
[Music]